the dust gunk things up pretty good and
the grubs were going in for close kills
basically
kind of fight
take it
ah
my kill
smash
no Christmas today
we're not done yet
there are
who's glad to be out of there what's
next well we call in and make sure
control knows what's going on helo to
control
I need Loomis what is it lieutenant ah
colonel some drop riding a monster just
wiped out every rifle at them you see
him request guidance kill the grub hold
the museum Colonel Potter Kia this grub
in garage Nia
they called him Khan this isn't Cora's
Nia my art through all we have at him
colonel
what about the light mass missile good
please strategy to bed with bars I don't
want to hear a word from any of you and
Joe panik's is dead
how does it work it's classified
but there's one here in halv oh the
inventor teaches at the academy yeah
professor Elliot I worked in his lab at
Lacroix before he went military the
missile draws power from refined
emulsion the more emulsion the bigger
the poem courtesy of your big pool how
close were you to the impact close
enough that thing would burn up this
entire city
this one's low yield after the hammer of
dawn Elliot stopped working on it how
low yield Baird lieutenant to fire that
thing you have to get the targeting
beacon the launch codes personally
activate the missile on site and get
this all approved by command control
kilo here so we're gonna get the light
mass missile online and use it to kill
general Khan in the objections works for
me
all right come on cadet going back to
the Academy
that's an order
you